no
huguette press ria
Hello everyone and all took Caesar
today we meet for the 11th
issuing of top 10 actions on a
ticketing 15 that arrives a week in
delay because I had not received
enough videos for the week
last so I listen to the delays
went for a week and this time
rock so 52 clip to do this test
this second issue so I was walking
of course all the people being transported
the videos it's gone directly the
second position with stéphane playing
a sacred with the hits and I counted
lakers and basically against here for
start this top 10 on kobe bryant on
will see here again the group account of his
share on kobe in 9th place we go
find jesse de leye others in whom I
also in his career with the hits
and pretty ci against the little lakers con
so dense and big fat big dunk here
on the bottom line with an 8000 to a
hand we'll see him here a new
times with this magnificent slows down very
very nice gift of tobacco in the eighth
position
we will find rei tech who kills in his
career with the celtics of boston well
sure here a first spin move 22nd spin
move and yves slammed a big poster on
the defender of the wheels on their
rights again the action a
first spin move a second new bridge
and a big group auxerre for conch
the action in 7th place is going to find
realism narco who play dance on demand
with the cavs
they are led by three points and the
his first three points to equal
the match is completely failed at revol
but the ball is recovered by his
i team wrote interview to the installers and
his wishes in and he thus allows his
team to equalize the match in
prolongation of these playoffs well played
at war in sixth position
we will find me in 1440 reindeer which
play a sacred with the hits
here the player chris bosh who swings a
and youyous and he concludes with a 360
saliou beautiful pass from chris bosh for
himself to conclude in 5th place
we are going to find mister jordan 33320
who plays in the waters it is a big
360 with the fault in addition we go the
see again there the dunk with
a big 360 with the fault
in addition his fourth place we go
find the hall that plays in his
career in the highlands city
thunder with the criteria are good
chris paul who is at the lead of course
in the clippers here meets the
From whom on chris paul
kevin during who lifts the ball there the
welcome yukes at the reins for a young
girl who ends with 1,366 shares
defensive
at the start of the action with the against on
chris paul and he finishes with a
alley-hoop in 360 for the other side so
slaughterhouse in third position
find ris 4,67 with a superb
goes for techno vi who are we going to
impious idle kingdom passes between his
legs
the balloon they see not go blind
for nowitzki
quit at a super action super action
go back to the second position
perpetrator and seven ex doctor who takes
here the robot in June his career at
Eric in the mavericks double crossover
there on the wrist and big fat big fat
huge huge huge dunk this crazy who
pass over the player actions
defensive early with the double robot
crossover and the huge dunk cros for
conclude the action and at the first
position this week to regain a
glorious that maestro who plays whose sakai
with ok here we are at match 7 of
finals nba face calm if they are
conducted 2 2 for 1 124 to 122 which are
old take too much for
pass in front and win this match that's
to win this final
he takes the thillot and yes these two years
and this in this shot for inglourious
basterds that allows his team to
become nba champion in his career
and I wanted this place lighthouse look of
the action with the reaction of the grèzes
straw town hall
and that's this epic extraction axis
of inglorious maestro cocoon stereo are
quits
this week for this eleventh
issuing of top 10 actions on a
ticketing helmet is so the last
issue top 10 shares on a lever
every 15 to him we will make a
break during the holidays so I think
that it's better because suddenly there is
a lot of people who will leave in
holidays so I think it's better
to take a break at that level in
done we will resume the missions a
time that heynckes will come out so it will be
the end of September
So we will resume in early October we
will resume this show on nba touquet
So it is here I thank
all the people who sent
videos from the premiere to the 11th show
it's really very very nice of you
to have participated in this show
I thank you very much for having
have to pay for his missions since the
beginning and of course having watched this
video that I hope of course you
will have pleased
and I tell you next time
ciao